This concludes this lesson in the introduction to cybersecurity course.
Here we learned about security trends with
different cybersecurity events and looked at different types of protection techniques.
It helps you better protect yourself and understand
the importance of cybersecurity for you as a person,
for your organization, and for businesses.
We also covered what you need to establish your cybersecurity career.
The lesson also taught you about core security principles and critical security controls.
Lastly, I talked about
some security best practices for keeping yourself and others safe online.
Now that you're done with this lesson,
you should be able to identify some current trends in
cybersecurity events by looking at the annual reports.
Two is to describe careers as a cybersecurity professional with the CyberSeek website.
Three, explain security fundamentals,
including core security principles,
security controls, and cybersecurity best practices.
Use this as the foundation throughout the rest of the course.
更多新版课程跟代码还有一对一VIP服务请加wx：udacity6